Nutanix recommends that you upgrade to the latest applicable LCM version before running LCM operations on your cluster to avoid issues. You might encounter the following issues with respect to LCM. 

- Download failures - The LCM framework utilizes a connection with a pre-configured URL to identify the currently available updates, and perform its operations. A download failure occurs if the framework encounters errors while downloading contents from the URL. 
- Pre-check failures – A pre-check failure can occur during LCM’s inventory operation. You can view the reason for the failure in the LCM UI. 
- LCM framework issues – You can troubleshoot issues with the LCM framework by examining ERROR messages in the LCM logs. For instance, you may encounter messages such as LcmRecoverableError, LcmOpsError, LcmLeadershipChange, and others during LCM operations.
- XC Platform issues - LCM uses the PowerTools suite for firmware updates except for SATADOMs. The SATADOM module is shared between NX and XC clusters. Some of the issues during updates include failed iDRAC jobs and connectivity problems with Dell Update Manager (PTAgent). 
- Dark site firmware not reflecting correctly - After an LCM inventory operation is completed, the latest available firmware for nodes in the dark site cluster might not be reflected correctly. This could be because the dark site web server is incorrectly configured or inaccessible, or it could be caused by a violation of Foundation version dependency.
- Miscellaneous issues – You can encounter LCM issues in scenarios where modules require the node to boot into Foundation’s boot_into_phoenix and reboot_to_cvm APIs for firmware updates or when you upgrade LACP/LAG to the latest Foundation version. LCM updates can also fail due to bad disks, tokens, or filesystem errors on the /home partition of CVMs.